Model-view separation

Models and views are very important concepts in app architecture. Models are classes that
deal with the data for an app, while views are classes that present that data on screen.
In Flutter, the closest analogy we have to views are widgets. Subsequently, a model would
be a basic dart class that doesn't inherit from anything in the Flutter framework. Each one
of these classes is responsible for one and only one job. Models are concerned with
maintaining the data for your app. Views are concerned with drawing your interface. When
you keep a clear and strict separation between your models and views, your code will
become simpler and easier to work with.
In this recipe, we're going to build the start of our Todo app and create a model graph to go
along with our views.

When building the UI for each individual task, the State of these widgets is owned by the
model.

In the onTapped and onChanged callbacks, we take the values that are returned from the
widgets/views and store them in the model. This, in turn, calls setState, which causes the
widget to repaint with the most up-to-date data.

Normally, it is not ideal to have your views directly communicate with
your models. This can still lead to strong coupling with business logic
leaking into the view layer. This is usually where the fancier patterns such
as BLoC and Redux come in – they act as the glue between the model and
the view.

The real reason why you would want to separate the model and view classes has little to do
with functionality and more to do with productivity. By separating these concepts into
different components, you can compartmentalize your development process. When you are
working on a model file, you don't need to think at all about the user interface. At the data
level, concepts such as buttons, colors, padding, and scrolling are a distraction. The goal of
the data layer should be to focus on the data and any business rules you need to
implement. On the other hand, your views do not need to think about the implementation
details of the data models. In this way, you achieve what's called "separation of concerns,"
which is a solid development pattern.
